Morning, Tinkles.
Oh, no, Tinkles.
I can't play with you.
I'm too busy.
Tinkles, stop!
I said no!
No...
Go away.
A little privacy.
Tinkles, I swear--
Bad Tinkles! Bad--
No! No!
Don't you have anyone else
to play with?
Wait a second, that's it.
Oh, Tinkles?
I have a little surprise
for you.
Meet Cinnamon!
Oh, don't worry.
What we need...
...is a monster dog!
Like...Blobby Pup!
Say hello
to Poochie-Stein.
Come on!
He's not that weird.
Okay, he's weird.
What about Swampy?
Next!
Diablo!
Next.
Spike.
Next!
Pebbles.
Oh, no, no! Next!
Tiny!
Slithers?
Sharky?
Mr. Tentacles?
Whatever this thing is.
Next!
What? The last one?
Oh, boy.
This had better work.
Oh, Tinkles!
Great news!
I found you the perfect
monster pet to play with.
Say hello to
your new best friend...
Sand?
Oh! It's a cat.
Cat!
Tinkles! No! Bad dog!
Tinkles! Stop!
Sit! Heel! Stay!
Tinkles, bad! Whoa!
Bad Tinkles!
Tinkles! No!
Great. Now who are you
going to play with?
Oh, have fun, Tinkles.
Huh?
Uh-oh.
No, no,
I don't want to play!
No, no, no!
No playing!
No!